[[!meta title="Agenda for the next contributors meeting"]]

[[Official place and date are in the calendar.|contribute/calendar]]

Availability and plans for the next weeks
=========================================

  - Volunteers to handle "[Hole in the
    roof](https://labs.riseup.net/code/versions/198)" tickets this
    month
  - Volunteers to handle important tickets flagged for next release, but without assignee
  - Availability and plans for monthly low-hanging fruits meeting

Discussions
===========

 - Important ticket flagged for next release, but without assignee:
   - [[!tails_ticket 8999 desc="Claws Mail leaks cleartext of encrypted email to the IMAP server"]]
     - <https://mailman.boum.org/pipermail/tails-dev/2015-May/008718.html>
     - [[!tails_ticket 9161 desc="Write a security advisory about Claws leaking cleartext to IMAP server"]]
 - [[!tails_ticket 9298 desc="How much do we want Tor Browser's per-tab circuit view?"]]
 - [[!tails_ticket 9277 desc="Research BitTorrent trackers we could use"]]
 - [[!tails_ticket 7912 desc="Non-US keyboard layout selected with Greeter sometimes is not active when logged in"]]
 - Create tickets to track UX regressions caused by AppArmor
- How much do we want to give to our tracker?
